README.md, before:

## INSPIRE helpdesk 
This space is used for discussions and announcements on general INSPIRE topics. Before reporting a problem or asking a question here, please make sure that the problem or question is not relevant to (only) a specific INSPIRE component. If this is the case, please use the dedicated helpdesks for the [Validator](https://github.com/INSPIRE-MIF/helpdesk-validator "Validator"), [Geoportal](https://github.com/INSPIRE-MIF/helpdesk-geoportal "Geoportal") or [Registry](https://github.com/INSPIRE-MIF/helpdesk-registry "Registry").

Use this issue tracker (helpdesk) to:

- [report a generic problem](https://github.com/INSPIRE-MIF/helpdesk/issues/new?assignees=&labels=&template=report-a-problem-or-bug.md&title= "report a generic problem") related to INSPIRE, or
- [start a discussion or raise a question](https://github.com/INSPIRE-MIF/helpdesk/issues/new?assignees=&labels=&template=start-a-discussion.md&title= "start a discussion or raise a question") related to a generic INSPIRE matter.

Please follow our [Code of Conduct](code-of-conduct.md) anytime when you interact with the INSPIRE community in this space.

Please note that the former INSPIRE Community Forum, which was used for domain-specific discussions about INSPIRE, was discontinued as of January 31, 2021. Its content has been archived and can still be accessed [here](https://wayback.archive-it.org/12090/20210119102755/https://inspire.ec.europa.eu/forum/).

Please note: If you are trying to access a known URL from the archived forum directly, you can do this by prepending https://wayback.archive-it.org/12090/20210119102755/ to your https URL.

Commit message:

redirect questions to discussions tab
discussions and questions now are posted as GitHub discussions. While New issue button is visible to non logged users, the New discussions button is not, so the need to add the warning in the text

README.md, after:

## INSPIRE helpdesk 
This space is used for discussions and announcements on general INSPIRE topics. Before reporting a problem or asking a question here, please make sure that the problem or question is not relevant to (only) a specific INSPIRE component. If this is the case, please use the dedicated helpdesks for the [Validator](https://github.com/INSPIRE-MIF/helpdesk-validator "Validator"), [Geoportal](https://github.com/INSPIRE-MIF/helpdesk-geoportal "Geoportal") or [Registry](https://github.com/INSPIRE-MIF/helpdesk-registry "Registry").

Use the *Discussions tab* to [start a discussion or raise a question](https://github.com/INSPIRE-MIF/helpdesk/discussions/) related to a generic INSPIRE matter, or use the *issue tracker* to [report a generic problem](https://github.com/INSPIRE-MIF/helpdesk/issues/new?assignees=&labels=&template=report-a-problem-or-bug.md&title= "report a generic problem") related to INSPIRE.

Be aware that the "New discussion" button is available only to logged users.

Please follow our [Code of Conduct](code-of-conduct.md) anytime when you interact with the INSPIRE community in this space.

Please note that the former INSPIRE Community Forum, which was used for domain-specific discussions about INSPIRE, was discontinued as of January 31, 2021. Its content has been archived and can still be accessed [here](https://wayback.archive-it.org/12090/20210119102755/https://inspire.ec.europa.eu/forum/).

Please note: If you are trying to access a known URL from the archived forum directly, you can do this by prepending https://wayback.archive-it.org/12090/20210119102755/ to your https URL.
